hello my name is Steven and today I'm
going to talk about old boy in 1988 a
businessman named owed a suit is
arrested for drunkenness missing his
daughter's fourth birthday after his
friend juha Wan picks him up from the
police station they go to a phone booth
for dae-su to call home while juha Wan
is talking to de soos wife de su is
kidnapped and wakes up in a sealed hotel
room where food is delivered through a
trapdoor watching the television de su
learns that his wife has been murdered
and he is the prime suspect de su passes
the time shadowboxing planning revenge
and attempting to dig a tunnel to escape
15 years have passed since he was in
prison
it is 2003 and a new century has dawned
just before digging himself to freedom
de su is sedated hypnotized and wakes up
on a rooftop dressed in a suit on the
rooftop de su sees a man on the ledge
holding a dog ready to jump to his death
he steps in front of the man's face and
stays uncomfortably close as to make it
certain he is not dreaming the man asks
de su even though I am no better than a
beast don't I have the right to live de
su recounts everything that has happened
so far to the man who reacts by
attempting to tell de su the reason for
his own suicide attempt this interested
de su leaves him on the rooftop to jump
off with the dog de su tests his
fighting skills on a group of young
thugs afterward a mysterious beggar
gives him money and a cell phone de su
enters a sushi restaurant where he meets
me do the restaurants young chef de su
receives a taunting phone call from his
captor who refuses to explain the reason
for de souza imprisonment he collapses
and is taken in by me do after he
recovers de su tries to find his
daughter and the location of his prison
discovering that his daughter was
adopted by a Swedish couple he gives up
trying to contact her de su locates the
Chinese restaurant that made food for
his prison and finds the prison by
following a delivery man it is a private
prison where people can pay to have
others incarcerated de su enters the
prison and torches the warden mister
ha who does not know the identity of de
Suze Kaptur that reveals that de su was
in prison for talking too much while
leaving the prison de su is attacked by
a large number of guards and stabbed in
the back with a knife but manages to
defeat them all day Sue's captor a
wealthy man named Lee Woojin contacts de
su again and gives him an ultimatum if
de su discovers the motive for his
imprisonment within 5 days Woojin will
kill himself by stopping the pacemaker
in his chest
otherwise he will kill me do as de su
and me to become intimate they have sex
meanwhile juha Wan tries to contact de
su with some important information about
would Jin's sister but is murdered by Wu
Jin who was secretly following him after
de su removed all of woo-jin's
electronic bugs de su eventually recalls
that he and Wu Jin had gone to the same
high school and he had witnessed Wu Jing
committing incest with his own sister de
su told juha Wong what he had seen
before leaving the school which led to
his classmates learning about the event
rumors about woo-jin's sister started to
spread and she eventually killed herself
leading a grief-stricken woo Jin to seek
revenge back in the present day woo Jin
cuts off mr. parks hand fulfilling an
earlier threat by de su causing mr. Park
and his gang to seemingly join forces
with de su de su leaves me do with mr.
Park and sets out to face Wu Jin at
wujin's penthouse woo Jin reveals that
me do is de Sue's daughter woo Jin had
orchestrated everything by using
hypnosis to guide de su to the sushi
restaurant arranging for them to meet
and fall in love so that de su will
experience the same pain of incest that
Wu Jin did de su attempts to attack Wu
Jing but is beaten badly by woo-jin's
bodyguard using scissors as a weapon de
su manages to stab the bodyguard in the
ear deafening him the deafened bodyguard
now seriously hurt and enraged attempts
to kill de su woo Jin unable to call him
off intervenes and coldly shoots his
bodyguard in the head with a Derringer
pistol woo Jin reveals that mr. Park is
still working for him and sold mr. Park
the newly refurbished prison building
in exchange for him amputating his hand
Woojin threatens to tell the truth to me
do who is being held in mr. parks new
prison dae-su apologizes for his
involvement in the death of Woojin
sister and humiliates himself by
imitating a dog begging wujin not to
tell me dude when Wu Jin laughs
unimpressed
dae-su cuts out his own tongue as a sign
of penance Wu Jin finally accepts de
souza apology and tells mr. Park to hide
the truth from me do after entering the
elevator
Wu Jin recalls his sister's suicide and
shoots himself in the head with the
daring death in the epilogue an
undisclosed amount of time later de su
finds the hypnotist from the prison to
erase his knowledge of meat do being his
daughter so that they can stay happy
together to persuade the hypnotist de su
repeats the question that he heard from
the man on the rooftop so she begins a
hypnosis to erase his memories telling
him that the day suit that knows the
truth will walk away afterwards me do
finds de su lying in snow and confesses
her love for him while the two embraced
there are no signs of the hypnotist
leaving it ambiguous if de su really
even met her de su breaks into a wide
smile which is then slowly replaced by a
look of pain whether the hypnosis really
worked is left unknown thank you all for
watching don't forget to subscribe and
hit the bell notification for more of
these videos